Welcome to the Movie Professor!
Home Page: This is the default page. On this page, you can see a welcome message as well as several buttons that bring you to other pages. Press the "Movies" button to be directed to the "Movies Page." Press the "About" button to be directed to the "About Page." If you press the "Home" button, you will remain on the home page. If you press the "Login or Sign Up" button, a pop up window will appear asking you to login or sign up. Back on the home page, if you type something in the search bar and hit the "GO" button, you will be directed to a Google Search for whatever you typed in the search bar.
Movies Page: From this page, you will see the tabs on the top of the screen like on the Home page. The buttons have the same effect, Home to home, Movies to movies, and About to about. You will also see a list of the movies on the website and a search bar/drop down menu at the top of the list. You can select the search type from the drop down menu: "Title, Genre, Rating, Actor, Watchsite." Select one and then type in the corresponding search. If you chose Title, you would type the title of the movie you are looking for. If you chose genre, you would type the genre you are looking for. If you chose rating, you would type the rating you are looking for (R, PG-13, PG, etc.). If you chose Actor, you would type the actor you are looking for. If you chose watchsite, you would type the watchsite you are looking for. Each search will show all reasults that have the requested search in their attributes. If there are no results for the given search, you will see a message that says "0 results Yikes!"
About Page: From this page, you will again see the tabs at the top to move between the Home, Movies, and About pages. You will also see a short snippet about our team, Full Sentence, and our motivation behind this project.
Login Box: The login box shows two requirements to login: a username and a password. When typed in, the user is directed to the home page, however, they now have the watchlist, watched movies, and profile attributes associated to their account.
Sign Up Page: The sign up page shows 5 requirements: First name, last name, username, password, and account type. The first and last name are self explanatory. The username is the requested username the user wants. If the username is already taken, the user will not be able to enter it. The password adds the layer of security to an account. You must type your password in to be able to get into your account. The account type drop down shows 3 options: parent, child, or neither. A parent account has power to change attributes of an associated child account. An account with neither type has no power over other accounts.
